Added a gallery example for saving & loading GenericMap using asdf (#4494)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/4494.docfix.rst

> Added a gallery example for saving and loading GenericMaps using asdf.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added a gallery example for saving and loading sunpy Maps using asdf.
```
